drivers in Ashton are frustrated over a
railroad crossing that is in desperate
need of repair
taking action for you we sent I witness
news reporter Stephen pulp to
investigate I think it's just bad for
all of our cars when you go across you
just it just really shakes up the car a
lot these tracks are really rough to go
over when I go over this what I do is
take my take my foot off the accelerator
and just go real slow I decided to put
these concerns to the test and drove the
company car over the 4 railroad ties
that cross the road it's definitely
jerky just main main flow of traffic and
it's just really rough and it just needs
some attention it hasn't been maintained
for a long long long time this railroad
crossing has been causing those
frustrations for over four years now
residents just want the problem fixed I
think they need to come in take the ties
up and put down and fix the cement part
right in here and put new ties either
new ties or the new steel frames that
they put on it would be easier on the
cars taking action for you I called
eastern Idaho railroad company and spoke
with Jack Lyle the mayor has been trying
to get this problem resolved through you
guys for for a couple years now almost
on monthly basis contacting you guys and
we've called the to get some attention
to the railroad track over there and
they just haven't responded so I don't
know if there's too busy or what the
problem is
after I described the while the
frustrations from Ashton residents I
asked him will you guys go out and fix
it wouldn't you
and the mayor wishes he could take the
matter into the city's own hands instead
of waiting for eastern Idaho Railroad to
come out and fix it we're not allowed to
that's the that's the other problem if
if we could fix it we would fix it
ourselves but we're not allowed to do
that on railroad property but they'll
have to wait in the meantime taking
action for you I
Steven Pope Channel three Eyewitness
News